# week1-capstone
## Project Description
Project Description:
College can be an exciting but overwhelming experience at first. Moving to a new city and school without knowing anyone there is an intimidating prospect. Being able to connect instantly with other students based on the interest areas that you usually connect with friends on would ease the process. That’s what [app name tbd] is for! When users sign up for the app, there will be a process to verify that they are a college student at their respective campus. Users can customize their profile page with information about their interests, such as movies, TV shows, books, and hobbies. Dropdown option data for these categories will be pulled from external APIs. After adding profile information, users can choose which categories they would like to be matched based on. Users will be matched based on a similarity percentage calculated through custom logic that I will develop. Then, users can navigate to the matching page on which they will be shown one match at a time. Users will see their match’s basic information and interests color coded by similarity. They will also be able to scroll through any photos. To match, users can click the heart button and to not match, users can click the close button. If two users both match with each other, the match will show up on their home screen. Additional actions will now become available. Matches can view more details, such as when they were matched, each other's social media contact information, and  suggested activities to do together based on similarities and popular nearby activity. After a certain amount of time, matches will expire. Users can also unmatch at any time.

## User Stories
1. Users Roles
- "college student": a user who is looking for a friend on their college campus
2. User Personas
- Myra is a 20 year old student at UC Berkeley who’s first year was online due to the pandemic. This will be her first time away from her hometown in Ohio, so she would really like to make some friends before she gets to school. Having an app to match her with someone she has a high similarity with can take some of the pressure off. She also doesn’t know exactly what kinds of activities or places are most popular around her area, so having personalized suggestions of activity ideas to do together would make her more motivated to reach out.
- Jake is an 18 year old college student at UT Austin. It is currently New Student Orientation, and people always seem to be going out and making new friends. He has talked to a few people, but is introverted and nervous about reaching out to make plans. This app would allow him to make an instant connection with someone who shares similar interests and receive suggested opening lines along with meetup ideas so that he feels better about reaching out.
3. User Stories
- As a college student, I want to choose what categories are used to calculate my similarity so that I can make friends based on the interests that I usually connect with people on.
- As a college student, I want an easy way to find other students to explore the campus with.
- As a college student, I want to try all the most popular places around my area.
- As a college student, I want to eliminate the awkwardness of first meeting someone by having similar interests to talk about.
- As a college student, I want to connect with other students on social media before arriving on campus.
